Title: Welcome To Conrad!
Date: 2012-12-27

Conrad is a simple blog framework written with "sinatra":http://sinatrarb.com and Textile.

h3. Features

* Text file based blogs written with textile (RedCloth)
* Installable themes from "bootswatch":http://bootswatch.com! (see themes below)
* Responsive design thanks to Bootstrap
** Looks great on all devices!
* Twitter feed sidebar (optional)
* Disquis integration (optional)
* Heroku ready! simply bundle, init and push
* Caching
** Blog content is cached until restart by default (great for "heroku":http://heroku.com since server is restarted when a new article is published).
** Twitter feed is cached for 10 minutes

h3. Configure

Configure this by editing config.yml file in the root directory. There you will find instructions and settings used in this application. Settings marked as _OPTIONAL_ can be commented out to exclude from the application. If a setting is not marked as _OPTIONAL_ then not setting will probably cause issues in the application.

h3. Writing

Writing articles in Conrad is extremely simple. If you're unfamiliar with textile it's an easy concept that significantly cuts down the writing time. You can "read about the syntax here":http://redcloth.org or read this article under the articles directory in the root path of the project.

When you're writing a new article there are only two things required. You must write the title and date at the very top of the page in the following format. You must write *"Title:"* and *"Date:"* on two different lines and they must look exatly like this:

<blockquote>
Title: Welcome To Conrad!
Date: 2001-01-01

Start writing here...
</blockquote>

h3. Themes

Themes from "bootswatch":http://bootswatch.com are easily installed with a single line of code

bq. rake theme:install [theme name]

eg.

bq. rake theme:install journal

h3. How To Install

bq. git clone git&#64;github.com:brettof86/conrad.git
cd conrad
bundle install
ruby app.rb

This will run with default settings. Once you're ready, edit config.yml to add your own custom details and start the application again.